doc: update changelogs for NCS 1.7.0 (#549)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: zboss/CHANGELOG.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

All notable changes to this project in the |NCS| are documented in this file.

nRF Connect SDK v1.7.0
**********************

> All the notable changes included in the nRF Connect SDK v1.7.0 release are documented in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the notable changes included in the |NCS| v1.7.0 release are documented in this section.
```
